# EnrichedLienMortgageRiskTransaction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**mortgage_composite_transaction_id** | **string** | Unique transaction key comprised of FIPS Code, Transaction Batch Date, Transaction Sequence Number, and Mortgage Sequence Number. | [optional] 
**enriched_ltv** | **float** | Ratio of origination loan amount divided into current AVM value. | [optional] 
**multi_or_split_parcel_code** | **string** | Corelogic standardized code that identifies which parcel is being referenced in a multiple or split parcel sale. Values: NULL &#x3D; Not applicable, M &#x3D; First APN involved in the transaction of a multiple parcel sale, D &#x3D; Second or subsequent APN involved in the transaction of a multiple parcel sale, S &#x3D; Only APN involved in the transaction of a single parcel split, X &#x3D; First APN involved in the transaction of a single parcel split, Z &#x3D; Second or subsequent APN involved in the transaction of a single parcel split | [optional] 
**enriched_mortgage_lien_position** | **int** | CoreLogic derived position or priority of the recorded property lien. A purchase mortgage loan is usually lien position one (1), with the highest outstanding mortgage amount and recorded first. All other junior liens are subordinate. | [optional] 
**type_code** | **string** | CoreLogic standardized mortgage classification for principal mortgages (&#x27;P&#x27;urchase, &#x27;R&#x27;efinance) or subordinate mortgages (&#x27;J&#x27;unior). | [optional] 
**purpose_code** | **string** | CoreLogic standardized value indicating the reason for the principal or subordinate mortgage.  Won&#x27;t be populated on pending record.  Values:  A &#x3D; Cash out first, B &#x3D; Rate/Term reduction, C &#x3D; Piggy-back on purchase, D &#x3D; Standalone subordinate, E &#x3D; First with subordinate, F &#x3D; New first mortgage, K &#x3D; Consolidation, L &#x3D; Undetermined first mortgage, M &#x3D; Undetermined standalone subordinate, N &#x3D; Piggy-back on refinance, O &#x3D; HUD reverse mortgage, P &#x3D; First trust modification, Q &#x3D; Junior trust modification, V &#x3D; Reverse mortgage | [optional] 
**subordinate_type_code** | **string** | CoreLogic code indicating the type of subordinate mortgage secured. (e.g., &#x27;C&#x27;redit Line, &#x27;E&#x27;quity, Ba&#x27;L&#x27;loon).  Won&#x27;t be populated on pending record. Used with Mortgage Subordinate Type Code Description element. | [optional] 
**subordinate_type_code_description** | **string** | CoreLogic standardized description indicating the type of subordinate mortgage secured. (e.g., &#x27;C&#x27;redit Line, &#x27;E&#x27;quity, Ba&#x27;L&#x27;loon). Won&#x27;t be populated on pending record. Defines the code found in Mortgage Subordinate Type Code element. | [optional] 
**amount** | **float** | The amount of the mortgage at the time of the transaction. | [optional] 
**enriched_loan_type_code** | **string** | CoreLogic enriched type of loan secured, identified  Values: CNV &#x3D; Conventional FHA &#x3D; Federal Housing Administration VA &#x3D; Veterans Administration PP &#x3D; Private Party SBA &#x3D; Small Business Association EMPTY/NULL &#x3D; Unknown The Enriched proprietary logic is designed to improve completeness and accuracy. | [optional] 
**enriched_loan_type_code_confidence_rank** | **int** | A rank of 1-5 depicting the confidence level of the Mortgage Loan Type Code. 5 is the most confident ranking. Rank descriptions: 5 &#x3D; Excellent; 4 &#x3D; Very Good; 3 &#x3D; Good; 2 &#x3D; Fair; 1 &#x3D; Very Low. NULL if value is not Enriched. | [optional] 
**enriched_interest_rate** | **float** | Fixed interest rate at mortgage origination derived from recorded loan documents or enriched through additional data sources and predictive machine learning models. Adjustable interest rate per the recorded loan documents for mortgage records. Example rates: 3.75 or 5.25 | [optional] 
**enriched_interest_rate_confidence_rank** | **int** | A rank of 1-5 depicting the confidence level of the Mortgage Interest Rate. 5 is the most confident ranking. Rank descriptions: 5 &#x3D; Excellent; 4 &#x3D; Very Good; 3 &#x3D; Good; 2 &#x3D; Fair; 1 &#x3D; Very Low. NULL if value is not Enriched. | [optional] 
**enriched_interest_rate_type_code** | **string** | CoreLogic enriched value indicating the type of mortgage interest rate. The Enriched proprietary logic is designed to improve completeness and accuracy.  Values: NULL &#x3D; Unknown, ADJ &#x3D; Adjustable, BAL &#x3D; Balloon, FIX &#x3D; Fixed | [optional] 
**enriched_interest_rate_type_code_confidence_rank** | **int** | A rank of 1-5 depicting the confidence level of the Mortgage Interest Rate Type Code. 5 is the most confident ranking. Rank descriptions: 5 &#x3D; Excellent; 4 &#x3D; Very Good; 3 &#x3D; Good; 2 &#x3D; Fair; 1 &#x3D; Very Low. NULL if value is not Enriched. | [optional] 
**enriched_term** | **int** | Specific term associated with mortgage. Examples: 10, 15, 25 | [optional] 
**enriched_term_confidence_rank** | **int** | A rank of 1-5 depicting the confidence level of the Mortgage Term. 5 is the most confident ranking. Rank descriptions: 5 &#x3D; Excellent; 4 &#x3D; Very Good; 3 &#x3D; Good; 2 &#x3D; Fair; 1 &#x3D; Very Low. NULL if value is not Enriched. | [optional] 
**enriched_term_code** | **string** | Code used to identify whether the number stored in MORTGAGE TERM is in days, months or years. Enriched data is represented by &#x27;Y&#x27;EARS only. | [optional] 
**enriched_term_code_confidence_rank** | **int** | A rank of 1-5 depicting the confidence level of the Mortgage Term Code. 5 is the most confident ranking. Rank descriptions: 5 &#x3D; Excellent; 4 &#x3D; Very Good; 3 &#x3D; Good; 2 &#x3D; Fair; 1 &#x3D; Very Low. NULL if value is not Enriched. | [optional] 
**mortgage_date** | **int** | Borrower&#x27;s signature date on mortgage/deed of trust. This represents the date the borrower&#x27;s obligation to the lender begins, i.e. loan open date. This date is the same or prior to the recording date. If the day and/or month is missing, CoreLogic populates these values with 00. Format: YYYYMMDD. | [optional] 
**maturity_date** | **int** | The date the mortgage becomes due. Format: YYYYMMDD. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

