# OriginalTaxLienTransaction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**original_lien_recording_date** | **string** | Recording Date of the original lien transaction associated with this record and refers to prior associated transaction. Format &#x3D; YYYYMMDD. Typically refers back to the Recording Date of the Lien. To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Book Number + Original Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 
**original_lien_document_number** | **string** | Document Number of the original lien transaction associated with this record and refers to prior associated transaction. Typically refers back to the Document Number of the Lien. To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Book Number + Original Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 
**original_lien_document_book_number** | **string** | Document Book Number of the original lien transaction associated with this record and refers to prior associated transaction. Typically refers back to the Document Book Number of the Lien. To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Book Number + Original Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 
**original_lien_document_page_number** | **string** | Document Page Number of the original lien transaction associated with this record and refers to prior associated transaction. Typically refers back to the Document Page Number of the Lien. To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Original Transaction Recording Date + Original Transaction Document Book Number + Original Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

