# SubjectTransaction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**subject_transaction_recording_date** | **string** | Recording Date of the subject transaction associated with this event. Format &#x3D; YYYYMMDD.  Document sourced, refers to prior associated transaction.  Typically refers back to the Recording Date of the Deed of Trust/Mortgage.  To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Book Number + Subject Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 
**subject_transaction_document_number** | **string** | Document Number of the subject transaction associated with this event.  Document sourced, refers to prior associated transaction.  Typically refers back to the Document Number of the Deed of Trust/Mortgage.  To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Book Number + Subject Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 
**subject_transaction_document_book_number** | **string** | Document Book Number of the subject transaction associated with this event.  Document sourced, refers to prior associated transaction.  Typically refers back to the Document Book Number of the Deed of Trust/Mortgage.  To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Book Number + Subject Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 
**subject_transaction_document_page_number** | **string** | Document Page Number of the subject transaction associated with this event.  Document sourced, refers to prior associated transaction.  Typically refers back to the Document Page Number of the Deed of Trust/Mortgage.  To link to the prior transaction, use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Number (or use FIPS + Subject Transaction Recording Date + Subject Transaction Document Book Number + Subject Transaction Document Page Number if Book/Page is the documenter numbering method used by the county). | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

